it's show time Ford Focus has an
appointment with the transport trailer
to get it to Las Vegas for the annual
SEMA Show as Jonathan drives in the
completed focus he says hi to fellow
vehicle builders from xx our wheels for
loading up their own custom vehicle for
the show all over the United States
people are loading up their project
vehicles for transport and all eyes are
on these specialized show cars ready to
make their debut the car is carefully
and meticulously loaded onto the
transport for safe carriage next stop
Las Vegas Nevada
okay so we're going up to the SEMA Show
and the cars already up there we got
everything on the vehicle that needed to
go on the vehicle the custom painted 19
inch alloy wheels the include tires new
performance tires we've gotten the TCE
brakes there on the car park performance
brake pads are in all four corners that
came together H&R springs they're on the
car so the car is nice and lowered looks
good with the 19-inch wheels and garden
we've got the Midwest finishes interior
trim that we recoated with the red
carpet fiber we've got the bow Jets
front lip and we put their rocker
extensions on the factory side skirt 3m
they did all the crystalline window film
and the D chroming about window trim
that's good Pecha leathers leather seats
and door panels Hasani is exhausted
their stuffs on the vehicle with
different looking tips we've got the 3d
carbon upper rear wings on the back of
the focus and gun oracle headlights in
the vehicle with their LED daytime
running lights up front under the hood
we've got the engine air intake system
from engine technology the paint that
was all done by Doug Starbuck over at
star side design then JBL's audio
upgrades their amplifiers and their
speakers and subs that's all installed
in the doors and in the rear
it looks good I'm happy about it I think
once we get a detail and we're good to
go
then it'll be show time we could put on
our QR code sticker at the end and see
what people think about it after
I'm excited that's what scene was all
about before long Jonathan is in Sin
City the whole town is bracing itself
for SEMA the largest automotive
convention in the United States
Jonathan checks out the Ford Focus which
needs to be moved for the loading line
to the ford area with all the other ford
project vehicles which were brought from
all over the united states to make a
showing at SEMA almost immediately
people are checking out the Ford Focus
who's bright and bold styling stands out
from the crowd to ensure the cars that
is fast Jonathan takes it over to a
nearby detailing booth to clean and
polish to get the focus ready for the
spotlight while the car is being cleaned
two designers from Ford stopped by to
check out the project vehicle they're
scrutinizing eyes comb-over every aspect
of the vehicle from the bold colors the
fluted exhaust tips and a striking
interior they'll take their findings
back to the 14 and decide the fate of
the focus later on tonight for now all
Jonathan can do is take the car over to
the convention center staging area for
tomorrow
Las Vegas is a city that never stops
and this goes double when Seema is in
town after settling in Jonathan goes to
check out the convention hall which is
working frantically to finish the
preparations before the show opens early
in the morning
we're met by Mike a representative of
Ford who invites Jonathan out into the
exhibitors party thrown for all of
seamless special guests entertainment
food and music
it's just what everyone needs there's a
last chance of relaxation before the big
shows next time on project vehicle it's
all been leading up to this SEMA where
did the focus end up how will people
react it's all coming up next in the
final episode of project vehicle